profile/README.md, before:

# [atechnology company](https://atechnology.company/)
alternative software that keeps you in the present.
a project started to create helpful, fast, easy to use tools for people that feel like a third hand.

soliloquy is a new type of operating system based on the [zircon/fuchsia](https://fuchsia.googlesource.com/) kernel translated to [v](https://github.com/vlang/v) built from the ground up for web. what makes soliloquy different aside from being faster, with a smaller footprint, and using less resources is the web based desktop environment built with [servo](https://github.com/servo/servo) and [v8](https://github.com/v8/v8).

plates is a universal ai assistant, that links all your devices together. it is local first, utilising on device language models and tools to interact with your services. it works anytime, anywhere. own your data with a local server, syncing photos, clipboard and your accounts. pickup where you left off on any device.
built with swiftui + rust. tableware (web ui) and mcp built with go and svelte.

[standpoint](https://standpoint.atechnology.company/) is an opinion based social media platform to create tierlists and polls to share standpoints. it is ai powered and web-focused allowing you to grab photos across the web, as well as collaborate in real time.
built with svelte and previously python.

[infrastruct](https://infrastruct.atechnology.company/) is an online ai-powered jurisprudence platform. compare opinions on any topic from the worlds religions as well as the culmination of knowledge from the greatest philosophers in history in one place. mix and match your own ideas and create your own system with our online tool. save your stances.
built with next.js, and backend r2 built with v.

vuno is the text editor to end all text editors. keyboard based, but not complicated like vim, edit at lightspeed. ai copilot to help you write, code and more, with live notion-style markdown editing.
built with [tauri](https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri).

Commit message:

Revise project descriptions in README.md
Updated description of the plates, atmosphere, subspace, standpoint, and infrastruct projects for clarity and consistency.

profile/README.md, after:

# [atechnology company](https://atechnology.company/)
alternative software that keeps you in the present.
a project started to create helpful, fast, easy to use tools for people that feel like a third hand.

soliloquy is a new type of operating system based on the [zircon/fuchsia](https://fuchsia.googlesource.com/) kernel translated to [v](https://github.com/vlang/v) built from the ground up for web. what makes soliloquy different aside from being faster, with a smaller footprint, and using less resources is the web based desktop environment built with [servo](https://github.com/servo/servo) and [v8](https://github.com/v8/v8).

plates is a universal ai assistant, that links into all of your services. it is local first, utilising on device language models and tools to interact with your services. it works anytime, anywhere. 
built with swiftui + rust. tableware (web ui) and mcp built with go and svelte.

atmosphere is the unified syncing platform. own your data with a local server, syncing photos, clipboard and your accounts. pickup where you left off on any device. open weblinks, sync clipboard and send files to any device at lightspeed.
built with swift and rust.

subspace is the minimal note-taker on ipad, with notion type notebook functions and handwriting functions and cloud sync.
built with swift and xano.

[standpoint](https://standpoint.atechnology.company/) is an opinion based social media platform to create tierlists and polls to share standpoints. it is ai powered and web-focused allowing you to grab photos across the web, as well as collaborate in real time.
built with svelte and previously python.

[infrastruct](https://infrastruct.atechnology.company/) is an online ai-powered jurisprudence platform. compare opinions on any topic from the worlds religions as well as the culmination of knowledge from the greatest philosophers in history in one place. mix and match your own ideas and create your own system with our online tool. save your stances.
built with next.js, and backend r2 built with v.

vuno is the text editor to end all text editors. keyboard based, but not complicated like vim, edit at lightspeed. ai copilot to help you write, code and more, with live notion-style markdown editing.
built with [tauri](https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri).
